[WIP] Revamped octane tutorial (#1002)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/tutorial/18.md

We generated a reasonable default value for the `alt` attribute` based on the value of `{{@lat}}` and `{{@lng}}`. These are the *[arguments](TODO: link to arguments)* that the invoker of the `<Map>` component would need to specify when invoking it.

By *[parameterizing](TODO: link to parameterizing)* our component using arguments, we made a reusable component that can be invoked from different parts of the app and customized to meet the needs for those specific contexts.

We have already seen this in action when using the `<LinkTo>` component earlier; we had to specify a `@route=...` argument so that it knew what page to navigate to.

You may also notice that we are directly *[interpolating](TODO: link to interpolating)* values into the `alt` attribute's value. Ember will automatically concatenate these interpolated values into a final string value for us, including doing any necessary escaping, if appropriate.

Next, we used `...attributes` to allow the invoker to further
customize the `<img>` tag, such as passing extra attributes such
as `class`, as well as *[overriding](TODO: link to overriding)* our default `alt` attribute with a more specific or human-friendly one.

> *The ordering is important here!* Ember applies the attributes in the order that they appear. By assigning the `alt` attribute first, *before* `...attributes` is applied, we are explicitly allowing the invoker to optionally pass a different value for the `alt` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*The ordering is important here!* Ember applies the attributes in the order that they appear. By assigning the default `alt` attribute first (*before* `...attributes` is applied) we can optionally override it with a custom value for `alt`.
```

> Since the passed-in `alt` attribute (if any exists) will appear _after_ ours, it will override the value we specified. On the other hand, it is important that we assign `src`, `width`, and `height` after `...attributes`, so that they don't get accidentally overwritten by the invoker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the passed-in `alt` attribute (if any) will appear _after_ ours, it will override the value we specified. On the other hand, it is important that we assign `src`, `width`, and `height` after `...attributes`, so we don't actually overwrite them &mdash; those attributes should always be specified by the component.
```

> The `src` attribute interpolates together all the required parameters into the URL format for Mapbox's [static map image API](https://docs.mapbox.com/api/maps/#static-images), including the escaped access token from `this.token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `src` attribute interpolates all the required parameters into the URL format for Mapbox's [static map image API](https://docs.mapbox.com/api/maps/#static-images), including the url-escaped access token from `this.token`.
```

Finally, since we are using the `@2x` "retina" image, we should specify the `width` and `height` attributes. Otherwise, the `<img>` will be rendered at twice the size than what we expected!

> That's a lot of behavior that we just added into a single component, so let's write some tests! In particular, we should make sure to have some *[test coverage](TODO: link to test coverage)* for the overriding HTML attributes behavior we discussed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We just added a lot of behavior into a single component, so let's write some tests! In particular, we should make sure to have some *[test coverage](TODO: link to test coverage)* for the overriding-HTML-attributes behavior we discussed above.
```

    assert.ok(src.includes('-122.4184,37.7797,10'), 'the src should include the lng,lat,zoom parameter');
    assert.ok(src.includes('150x120@2x'), 'the src should include the width,height and @2x parameter');
    assert.ok(src.includes(`access_token=${token}`), 'the src should include the escaped access token');
  });

  test('the default alt attribute can be overriden', async function(assert) {
    await render(hbs`<Map
      @lat="37.7797"
      @lng="-122.4184"
      @zoom="10"
      @width="150"
      @height="120"
      alt="A map of San Francisco"
    />`);

    assert.dom('.map img').hasAttribute('alt', 'A map of San Francisco');
  });

  test('the src, width and height attributes cannot be overriden', async function(assert) {
      await render(hbs`<Map
        @lat="37.7797"
        @lng="-122.4184"
        @zoom="10"
        @width="150"
        @height="120"
        src="/assets/images/teaching-tomster.png"
        width="200"
        height="300"
      />`);

    assert.dom('.map img').hasAttribute('src', /^https:\/\/api\.mapbox\.com/);
    assert.dom('.map img').hasAttribute('width', '150');
    assert.dom('.map img').hasAttribute('height', '120');
  });
});
```

> *Finger crossed...* Let's run our tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Fingers crossed...* Let's run our tests.
```
